are you what we commented backstage
about social media are you a tweeter and
yeah Marc Jacobs does but I mark don't
you don't know so people call you to get
you they call you to get you yeah and I
text I like to text that I learned to do
no emailing it's not so good for me
either
I like texting people text me I answer
are you still insecure and think you
aren't talented enough and don't deserve
everything about you well you know I
look over my shoulder and I always think
somebody else does it better I mean that
is still an issue and like I said it's
not 24/7 it's a lot better than it used
to be when I'm you know you can start to
use these spiritual sort of axioms but
when I'm in the moment and doing my
thing you know I'm safe and I'm good and
everything's fine all is perfect but
when I look over my shoulder and say oh
god there's so much better or that one
did it this but better than we did then
you know you get kind of get lost it's
like living in the past or living in the
future those aren't real it's like the
moment is now and and that's where
safety and comfort and and all that's
good stuff is so so you know if I'm not
comparing myself to somebody else I'm
not I don't need to be better than
anybody and I don't need to be worse
than anybody and I don't need somebody
to be less than me in order for me to
feel better about myself it's just like
just need to stick on my own path and
stay in the moment
as best as I can what's um what's on
your bucket list
what's that things you still want to do
in your life that you haven't done more
just more of what you have more sex eat
more food go to the gym more often do
more collections have a manicure okay so
some of our normally this isn't buy more
art okay see more art see more art and
you're making more art what advice do
you give to someone who wants to be a
designer I don't give advice but I can
share my experience and which which
which is that I think you know what's
worked for me is is
is not quitting and being passionate
about what I do and and not giving up so
and when I don't believe in myself
turning to others who believe in me why
don't we close on this question do you
really care about the critics ending the
critics anymore and what they say yeah
yeah I'm a human being I mean I you know
I get hurt too I mean they're very few I
I I don't mean this again in a bitchy
way but they're very few journalists who
I respect because I don't think a lot of
them know what they're looking at so I
don't sometimes feel the criticism is
valid I'm fine with constructive
criticism but I'm not so good with
stupidity and and again it's one thing
to say I like or I don't like but to
miss read something or miss label
something or to you know be sort of out
of sorts because it was raining or it
was too late to show and you were hungry
and so you didn't lie you know that just
all feels not valid in terms of
constructive criticism so there so
there's certain critics that I do really
respect and when they don't like
something it hurts because they feel
they're right you know but it hurts in a
good way well then let's not in on a
critic moment okay what moment did you
know that you had made it
well I think you've made it I think this
audience thinks you've made it
you